
Venkatesh S
Sound Engineer

P.N.Road, Shanthi Theatre, Tirupur, TAMIL NADU 641602
7010160985
musicprovenky@gmail.com

Skills

Sound Editing  

Music production  

Operating equipments  

Audio post-production  

Pro Tools expertise  

Software system skills  

Critical Thinking  

Team building  

Research proficiency  

Languages

Tamil
Excellent

English
Excellent

Kannada
Very Good

Hindi
Good

Software

Pro Tools
Very Good

Cubase
Very Good

Logic Pro X
Very Good

Ableton Live 10
Very Good

Final Cut Pro
Good

Adobe Premiere Pro
Good

Professional Summary

Focused Sound Technician with strengths in recording, editing, and mixing. Offering diverse background with expertise in Computer and Audio. Comfortable working under pressure and maintaining high energy. Ready to help team achieve company goals.

Work History

June 2019 to Current
The Audiophile's School of Sound engineering. Chennai, Tamil Nadu
Student Assistant    

Prepared for recording sessions by selecting and setting up microphones.
Mixed and mastered vocal arrangements, music compositions, and optimized songs.
Separated instruments, vocals and peripheral sounds and mixed during post-production stage. Regulated sound qualities and volume levels during recording sessions to produce desired outcomes.
Recorded speech and music, using Microphone and 500 series preamp. Controlled microphones, sound levels and outputs to produce high-quality tracks for variety of clients.
Performed high-quality recording, mixing, mastering, sound design and production in Chennai based professional studio.
Transformed video and audio recordings into digital formats for editing and archiving.
Enhanced sound quality and added various sound effects to recordings.
Collaborated with producers and performers to determine and achieve desired sound for productions.
Selected music and edited song clips to match scenes.
Prepared, packed and transported audio equipment for events and location shoots.

April 2015 to June 2019
Kishore Computers in association with DHL India Tirupur, Tamil Nadu
Data Entry Supervisor    

Trained Data entry operator in EDMS Software Which is required to complete job assignments.
Evaluated source documents to locate information needed for each data entry field.
Received incoming calls and handled data requests from Area manager across south india.
Completed data entry tasks with accuracy and efficiency.

Education

The Audiophile's School of Sound Engineering Chennai, Tamil Nadu.
Diploma in Audio Engineering And Music Production Sound Engineering 

Dr G R Damodaran College of Science Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu.
Bachelor of Science Computer Applications 

Vikas Vidyalaya Matriculation Hr. Sec. School. Tiruppur, Tamil Nadu.
High School Mathematics And Computer Science 

Interests

Simulation based Video games  
Travel to meet new people and know their cultures.
Take a look at my work

https://bit.ly/3rxi1Zb
